**Author:** Shelby Golden, M.S.

**Date Created:** May 12<sup>th</sup>, 2026

**Date Updated:** May 12<sup>th</sup>, 2026

**Purpose:** 

Provides an overview of the contents of the `Data/Results` directory and documents any associated special notes or considerations.

**How to Use:**

Each script used to review or process the Data Axle data is prefixed by a descriptor that denotes the step it applies to:

- **Explore the Raw Data:** Exploratory data analysis of the first raw data provided — the 2023 version, `church_wide_form_071723.csv`. A coarse evaluation to identify anomalies and features of the dataset to be considered during the data cleaning and validation steps.

- **Process Data Update:** Extension of the "Explore the Raw Data" phase using the updated version provided in May 2026, `church_long_form_050926.csv`.

- **Clean Raw Data_Step \*:** Each discrete stepwise procedure determined to be necessary during the "Explore the Raw Data" phase. Some scripts include additional classifiers indicating whether they were designed for use on the High Performance Computer (HPC) and whether they apply to the 2023 or 2026 version of the Data Axle raw data.

- **Generate the Metrics:** Script that uses the final output of the "Clean Raw Data" phase to generate the metrics visualized on the map, which includes a user-input date range slider feature.

Each directory corresponds to a script following the same naming pattern. For example, results in `From Clean Raw Data/Step 1_2023 Format` correspond to those generated by the `Code/Clean Raw Data_Step 1_2023 Format.R` script. A codebook for each output is provided in the associated script, immediately above the `write.csv(...)` call where the result is written.

**Directory Specific Notes:**

1. Only results that are anonymized or summarized such that they do not contain individual-level data are accessible through GitHub and tracked by Git. A copy of the `KEEP LOCAL` results has been uploaded to the SOCAH Lab OneDrive for this project.